# The Effects of Covid on the Stock Market
#### Analysis by: Don'yelle Allorh-quarcoo, David Ma, Dejan Savic, Mary Stewart, Wendell K
<p>As we are starting to recover from the recent pandemic of Covid-19, there is a ton of history to look back at in just a couple of years. Many topics might be coming to mind such as the shutdown, the explosion of TikTok, facemasks, working from home, and finding new hobbies to learn or do during the very, very gruesome couple months we had to spend alone or with family. One of those hobbies happened to be what our group likes to call, "Stonks!" For our very first project, we were interested to see how much of an effect Covid-19 had on the stock market before, during, and after.
    We decided to use an API module provided by finnhub and data about Covid-19 provided by the World Health Organization and CDC to truly dive deep and code our way into the rabbit hole of "Stonks!" But, first we had to pull our data.</p><br>
#### The Code
<p>Let's get our hands dirty with finnhub's API module. First, we imported a .csv file with a list of all tickers in the NASDAQ and NYSE exchanges. Then, we used a for loop with our API response to loop through all of the tickers and append Ticker, Company Name, Industry, Country, and Market Cap information to empty lists. From the DataFrame created by the empty lists, we filtered for all US companies with a market cap larger than $10B (Large-Cap). After dropping all duplicate tickers and N/A industries, we randomly sampled each industry for two stocks and created a DataFrame that we were then able to pull in historical stock price data from 2019-2021.
    To make things go by even faster for data gathering, we had created functions to call multiple commands with multiple for loops. Instead of brute force coding and assigning a variable to each dataframe, we created a single dictionary for each year, then simply assigned the dataframe as the value to a key, acting as the "variable." We did the same for plotting as well to really speed through and be as efficient as possible in our code.</p><br>
#### Pre-Covid, During Covid, Post-Covid